In this bonus module,
we're going to dive into Modern NodeJS Core.
And I put the Modern between quotes here,
because you shouldn't take it too literally.
What you learn in this course
is 100% correct, 100% up to date,
and used in the vast majority of projects.
Now, obviously, I didn't count all projects,
but if you look out there in the wild,
in open source projects,
if you explore other tutorials,
if you explore any Node code basis you can find,
you will see exactly the kind of code in there,
which we wrote throughout this course.
Nonetheless, it is important to realize
that over the years of Core's NodeJS
and JavaScript itself, evolved.
JavaScript now is not the same as JavaScript nine
or 10 years ago,
But that was when NodeJS was created initially.
Therefore NodeJS was created at a time where in JavaScript,
we simply didn't have the same amount
of features available as we do now.
And therefore, naturally NodeJs is missing some features.
r at least the main NodeJs code you write
does not use all those latest features.
But that does not mean that you can't use them in general.
NodeJS supports modern JavaScript syntax features.
And in this Module,
I'll have a look at two features which landed
in NodeJS which you can use now,
which might be interesting to you.
And that will be ES Modules,
simply a different way of importing
and exporting files as you will see and Promises.
Now, especially for Promises, this might be surprising
because we already worked with Promises
and Async/Await throughout the course.
But I'm talking about Promise support in Core Node APIs,
like the file system APIs Node ships with,
those are traditionally callback based.
And therefore, as you'll learn in this course,
they can suffer from certain problems.
And you might wanna use Promises for those
and it turns out that you can.
So let's have a look at all
of that step by step throughout this Module.